Chapter 4: "All in the Family".md, before:

Episode 4:

authors:
Emily Cohen 
Nicky Cahill

Still recovering from their lost man, the roboticists 


  They knew they couldn't hold out much longer. The zombies were approaching and although they did know the 
  school better, they were in no position to hold off an army of hungry zombies. They had to think fast. The "Liam 
  experience" was not one they wanted to repeat. Just as everyone was beginning to fret, Nathaniel ran out of the
  compsci lab flying! He had made himself a pair of batman wings.
  
  "Let's GOOOOOOO!!!" Nathaniel shouted as he flew through the hall. 
  
  The students stared at him in disbelief. This was just what they need. 
  
  "We've got this" shouted one student. 
  "Let's go kill some zombies!" exclaimed the other. 
  
  While they were still mourning the loss of their loved one, the students proceeded full speed ahead. They
  ran to the elevator and waited. After a few minutes the elevator came and the students took it down to three.
  The doors opened and the students bursted out, Nathaniel flying forth at the head. 
  
  It was a heated battle. Shouts of pain were heard from both sides. For a while, it was unclear who was 
  in the lead. But after some time, it was evident that the children were losing. One by one the kids fell back, 
  while the zombies only got stronger. 
  
  All hope was lost. All those still conscious, knew they were going to lose. But then something happened. One of the
  most incredible things that has ever occurred. Just as the students were about to give up, Roby Dick rolled in
  with his three sidekicks agent 4174, agent 6051, and agent 9371. And all of a sudden, the tables turned. The 
  kids regained their strength and, with the help of their robots, were able to defeat the zombies. 
  
  After all of the zombies were dead, the five remaining kids ran upstairs with their robots following close behind. 
  Once they were upstairs and safe they mourned their losses of their valiant friends who died to the hideous 
  zombies.

  Zach and Andrew wrapped their arms around the robot and began to cry softly into agent 4174.
  
  "Oh! How scared I was!" cried Zach as Andrew pulled the robot in for a closer embrace. 
  
In the midst of their greiving, the door was flung open! In flew the previously-dead students on Nathaniel's batman shoes. The students stared in disbelief, this couldn't be real life. 

  "What happened?" questioned Carisa. 
  "I'm so confused" stated Jack. 
  
  "When you killed the zombies, we came back to life!" shouted Charlie.
  
  
  
  where we’re going with this:
  - and all of a sudden the kids who were supposidely turned come in because the zombies that turned them died
    ( i know very vampire esque)
  - then finally Charlie MSW and Gordie walk in, and they all sit as one happy family

Commit message:

added onto the scene where Andrew and Zach are hugging their robot

Chapter 4: "All in the Family".md, after:

Episode 4:

authors:
Emily Cohen 
Nicky Cahill

Still recovering from their lost man, the roboticists 


  They knew they couldn't hold out much longer. The zombies were approaching and although they did know the 
  school better, they were in no position to hold off an army of hungry zombies. They had to think fast. The "Liam 
  experience" was not one they wanted to repeat. Just as everyone was beginning to fret, Nathaniel ran out of the
  compsci lab flying! He had made himself a pair of batman wings.
  
  "Let's GOOOOOOO!!!" Nathaniel shouted as he flew through the hall. 
  
  The students stared at him in disbelief. This was just what they need. 
  
  "We've got this" shouted one student. 
  "Let's go kill some zombies!" exclaimed the other. 
  
  While they were still mourning the loss of their loved one, the students proceeded full speed ahead. They
  ran to the elevator and waited. After a few minutes the elevator came and the students took it down to three.
  The doors opened and the students bursted out, Nathaniel flying forth at the head. 
  
  It was a heated battle. Shouts of pain were heard from both sides. For a while, it was unclear who was 
  in the lead. But after some time, it was evident that the children were losing. One by one the kids fell back, 
  while the zombies only got stronger. 
  
  All hope was lost. All those still conscious, knew they were going to lose. But then something happened. One of the
  most incredible things that has ever occurred. Just as the students were about to give up, Roby Dick rolled in
  with his three sidekicks agent 4174, agent 6051, and agent 9371. And all of a sudden, the tables turned. The 
  kids regained their strength and, with the help of their robots, were able to defeat the zombies. 
  
  After all of the zombies were dead, the five remaining kids ran upstairs with their robots following close behind. 
  Once they were upstairs and safe they mourned their losses of their valiant friends who died to the hideous 
  zombies.

  Zach and Andrew wrapped their arms around the robot and began to cry softly into agent 4174.
  
  "Oh! How scared I was!" cried Zach as Andrew pulled the robot in for a closer embrace.  Zach started to pull the robot to himself, however; Andrew also wanted to hug the robot.
  "Stop let me hug the robot!" Shouted Zach
  "But I also want to hug the robot."  Said Andrew while pulling the robot away from Zach.  Zach then grabs onto one side of the robot and pulls with all of his might.  The robot, already weakened after being attacked by the zombies, was not strong enough to handle being fought over by Andrew and Zach.  It ripped into two parts and Andrew and Zach both fell backwards.
  "Look at what you have done!" exclaimed Andrew.  Suddenly Dillon walks into the room.
  "Guys.  You have just killed our robot all that we have now is each other.  We should all relax and be happy that we survived a zombie apocalypse."  They all then hug crying because they just killed their own robot.
  
  
In the midst of their greiving, the door was flung open! In flew the previously-dead students on Nathaniel's batman shoes. The students stared in disbelief, this couldn't be real life. 

  "What happened?" questioned Carisa. 
  "I'm so confused" stated Jack. 
  
  "When you killed the zombies, we came back to life!" shouted Charlie.
  
  
  
  where we’re going with this:
  - and all of a sudden the kids who were supposidely turned come in because the zombies that turned them died
    ( i know very vampire esque)
  - then finally Charlie MSW and Gordie walk in, and they all sit as one happy family
